Replace Gardener `provider-extensions` setup with Gardener `remote` setup (#566)
gardener/gardener-extension-registry-cache: docs/development/getting-started-remotely.md

---

> title: Deploying Registry Cache Extension in Gardener's Remote Setup

Reviewer: You need to also update the documentation index: 
```diff
diff --git a/README.md b/README.md
index b04f7ee9..43943e7a 100644
--- a/README.md
+++ b/README.md
@@ -22,5 +22,5 @@ Gardener extension controller which deploys pull-through caches for container re
 ## Local Setup and Development
 
 - [Deploying Registry Cache Extension Locally](docs/development/getting-started-locally.md) - learn how to set up a local development environment
-- [Deploying Registry Cache Extension in Gardener's Local Setup with Provider Extensions](docs/development/getting-started-remotely.md) - learn how to set up a development environment using own Seed clusters on an existing Kubernetes cluster
+- [Deploying Registry Cache Extension in Gardener's Remote Setup](docs/development/getting-started-remotely.md) - learn how to set up a remote development environment using an existing Kubernetes cluster
 - [Developer Docs for Gardener Extension Registry Cache](docs/development/extension-registry-cache.md) - learn about the inner workings

```

description: Learn how to set up a remote development environment using an existing Kubernetes cluster
---

# Deploying Registry Cache Extension in Gardener's Remote Setup

## Prerequisites

> - Make sure that you have a running Gardener remote setup. The steps to complete this can be found in the [Deploying Gardener Remotely](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/v1.140.0/docs/deployment/getting_started_remotely.md) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure that you have a running Gardener remote setup. The steps to complete this can be found in the [Deploying Gardener Remotely](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/deployment/getting_started_remotely.md) guide.
```

## Prerequisites

- Make sure that you have a running local Gardener setup with enabled provider extensions. The steps to complete this can be found in the [Deploying Gardener Locally and Enabling Provider-Extensions](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/deployment/getting_started_locally_with_extensions.md) guide.
- Make sure that you have a running Gardener remote setup. The steps to complete this can be found in the [Deploying Gardener Remotely](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/v1.140.0/docs/deployment/getting_started_remotely.md) guide.

> [!TIP]
> Ensure that the locally used Gardener version matches the version specified by the `github.com/gardener/gardener` dependency.
> The extension’s local setup must run successfully against a local Gardener setup at the version referenced by this dependency.
> The extension’s remote setup must run successfully against a Gardener remote setup at the version referenced by this dependency.

## Setting up the Registry Cache Extension

> Make sure that your `KUBECONFIG` environment variable is targeting the local Gardener cluster.

Reviewer: Could you elaborate why this is not required anymore?

Author: see above: https://github.com/gardener/gardener-extension-registry-cache/pull/566#discussion_r3138481288
